add release notes 5.1 (#2765)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/release-notes/version-5.1.md

---
title: Tyk v5.1
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Release Notes"
weight: 1
---

# What’s Changed?

### Tyk Gateway and Dashboard updated to Golang version 1.19

> Our Dashboard and Gateway are using [Golang 1.19](https://tip.golang.org/doc/go1.19) Programming Language starting with the 5.1 release. This brings improvements to the code base and allows us to benefit from the latest features and security enhancements in Go. Don’t forget that, if you’re using GoPlugins, you’ll need to recompile these to maintain compatibility with the latest [Gateway](https://tyk.io/docs/upgrading-tyk/#tyk-go-plugins). Further information is also available [here]({{< ref "plugins/supported-languages/golang#initialise-plugin-for-gateway-51" >}})

Reviewer: bug in the links
```suggestion
Our Dashboard and Gateway are using [Golang 1.19](https://tip.golang.org/doc/go1.19) Programming Language starting with the 5.1 release. This brings improvements to the code base and allows us to benefit from the latest features and security enhancements in Go. Don’t forget that, if you’re using GoPlugins, you’ll need to recompile these to maintain compatibility with the latest [Gateway](upgrading-tyk#tyk-go-plugins). Further information is also available [here]({{< ref "plugins/supported-languages/golang#initialise-plugin-for-gateway-51" >}})
```

Author: done

requests that might affect your Tyk Gateways or upstream services. Of course,
being Tyk, we also provide the flexibility to configure API-level and
per-endpoint size limits so you can be as granular as you need to protect and
optimise your services. Check out our improved documentation for full
description of how to use these powerful [features](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/control-limit-traffic/request-size-limits/).

### Dashboard Analytics for API Ownership

When we implemented Role Based Access Control and API Ownership in Tyk
Dashboard, we unlocked great flexibility for you to assign different roles to
different users and user groups with visibility and control over different
collections of APIs on your Gateway. Well, from 5.1 we have added a new Role,
which layers on top of the existing “Analytics” role and can be used to restrict
a user’s access, within the Dashboard Analytics screens, to view only the
statistics from APIs that they own; we’ve called this “Owned Analytics”. Due to
the way the analytics data are aggregated (to optimise storage), a user granted
this role will not have access to the full range of charts. Take a look at the

> documentation for a full description of this new [user role](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/dashboard/user-roles/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation for a full description of this new [user role]({{< ref "basic-config-and-security/security/dashboard/user-roles/" >}}).
```

Author: done
